[HttpKernel] Increase log level to "error" at least for all PHP errors (#54046)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/ErrorHandler/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.1
---

>  * Increase log lever to "error" at least for all PHP error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Increase log level to "error" at least for all PHP errors
```

Author: thanks
